# Tarkin - Nova Test Harness


## Setup Nova Credentials

* Source novarc

        $ . novarc


## Functional Tests

* Run One Test

        $ python test_l3_instance_network_settings.py

* Run All Tests

        $ python run_tests.py


## Performance Tests

* Run 2 workers concurrently each iterating 30 tests 

        $ python perf_runner.py -t test_sg_create -i 30 -w 2

* Run 2 workers concurrently each iterating 30 times for two tests

        $ python perf_runner.py -t test_sg_create,test_ssh_one_instance -i 30 -w 2 

## Tests Defined

* **check_for_one_ami** - This test checks to see if there is at least on AMI available

* **instance_correct_ip** - This test will spawn a VM and run ifconfig in the VM to see if the ip
                      of eth0 is the same IP scheduled by Nova to the VM. 

* **instance_io** - Basic disk I/O benchmark test

* **instance_ping_google** - This test will log into a VM and attempt to ping google using an IP address as well as a DNS name.

* **keypair** - This test will generate a random named keypair

* **l3_instance_network_settings** - This test does several network related tests from a VM:
                               Private IPv4 matches what is listed in ifconfig,
                               The netmask is 255.255.255.252 (/30),
                               The broadcast IP is (private IP plus 1),
                               The last 4 octets of MAC address contains IP address,
                               The routing table of VM has proper gateway address,
                               The default gateway can be pinged

* **ping_one_instance** - This test will choose the first available AMI, spawn and attempt to ping it

* **run_one_instance** - This test will choose the first available AMI, spawn and wait for it to get into running state.

* **sg_create** - This test will create a randomly named security group

* **sg_good_bad_source_group** - This test will create three groups, one group called 'dest' can only receive ICMP and SSH
                           connections from the 'good' group. 'bad' is not trusted by 'dest' group. The tests include
                           'good' group attempting to ping and SSH to dest group as well as 'bad' group attempting to 
                           ping and SSH into 'dest' group.

* **sg_instance_block_all** - A VM is spawn and is associated with an empy security group. The test is to make sure that the
                        VM is not pingable. 

* **spawn_speed** - Test is used to calculate the average time to spawn a VM

* **ssh_one_instance** - This test will spawn a VM and attempt to run 'uptime' via ssh


## Notes

* Currently requires eventlet 0.9.15, 0.9.16 has bugs that don't work with paramiko







